docs: adding documentation for Advanced network tab (#5104)
eclipse/kura: docs/gateway-configuration/network-advanced.md

# Advanced Network Settings

> For devices configured to use [NetworkManager](https://networkmanager.dev), it is possible to configure multiple VLAN interfaces. Take a look at our [installer profiles](../getting-started/install-kura.md#installer-types) to know which are supported.

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be here or is it a copy paste error?

Author: copy-paste mistake, should be `it is possible to fine tune network traffic settings.` rather than VLANs all over again :)
Also, I didn't follow @marcellorinaldo previous tip (see #5087) yet
> the "Network Configuration" section specifying that the advanced tab is available only on generic profiles
> 
> > Is it specifically generic profiles or only on profiles using Kura's new network management?
>
> I would stick with just "generic profiles", as here: http://eclipse.github.io/kura/docs-release-5.4/getting-started/install-kura/

to keep the same opening as VLAN Configuration page, but can change both if needed

Reviewer: > but can change both if needed

Let's follow @marcellorinaldo suggestion and change both to "generic profiles" 👍

- **Promiscuous Mode**
    - Promiscuous mode is a specialized network mode where your device captures and analyzes all network packets, regardless of their destination. This is particularly useful for network monitoring, troubleshooting, and security analysis.
    - Use Case: Enable promiscuous mode when you need to closely inspect network traffic, diagnose connectivity issues, or enhance your device's capabilities for security monitoring.
	
## Advanced Configuration

The **Advanced** tab contains the following configuration parameters:

- **IPv4 MTU** - defines the Maximum Trasmission unit for IPv4 traffic on the selected interface, a value of 0 or empty delegates the MTU definition to the link layer.
- **IPv6 MTU** - defines the Maximum Trasmission unit for IPv6 traffic on the selected interface, a value of 0 or empty delegates the MTU definition to the link layer. Requires NetworkManager 1.40 or above.

!!! warning
    The MTU value for a VLAN is limited by the configured MTU of its parent interface as an upper bound.
    
- **Promiscuous Mode** - enable promiscuous mode for the selected interface; Requires NetworkManager 1.32 or above.

>     - System default

Reviewer: This means that it will default to the value set by the underlying OS? I would add just a sentence for clarifying this.

# Advanced Network Settings

> For devices using Kura built on a Generic Profile, it is possible to to fine tune network traffic settings. Take a look at our [installer profiles](../getting-started/install-kura.md#installer-types) to know which are supported.

Reviewer: Minor reword

```suggestion
For devices running Kura installed using a Generic Profile, it is possible to to fine tune network traffic settings. Take a look at our [installer profiles](../getting-started/install-kura.md#installer-types) to know which are supported.
```
